[OpenApi3] Fix default date time encoding (#6289)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/fix-default-date-time-encoding-2025-2-5-15-4-51.md

---
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi3"
---

> Fix the OpenAPI 3 emitter to implement the default date-time encoding when the `@header` decorator is used on date-time model properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `utcDateTime` and `offsetDateTime` not using format `http-date` in header by default as the default http encoding defines
```
